hey guys i am sada and welcome to
warcraft news
this week 2 over 3 years come out and
announce that are going to be pushing
back the release until early 2012
there's not too many more details on it
than that but when we find out some more
I would be sure to let you know by where
and look at the creators of star wars
the old republic have also announced
that they are going to be releasing the
game on the 20th for North Americans and
the 22nd for our European friends I
don't know when they're going to go for
Australia hopefully on the 20th that's
when we normally get at the same time so
fingers crossed that we might get it a
day earlier but i doubt it so you can
expect around the 21st rust Ozzie's who
also speaking of Star Wars dharmakaya
are intensely preparing their sifrin's
and being leaders in the PvP scene so
you can expect to see some great content
coming out of some of the dark tide
directors I guess we call them so make
sure to subscribe to see some of that
coming just quickly swifty is attending
blizzcon see if you manage to get any
tickets I'm sorry about i meet swiftly
down there i get a signature on
something so that'd be kind of cool so
expect footage from that for those of
you who follow Skeets specifically on
the Dharmakaya channel he's currently
offline for about two weeks they went
back went in contatto so they're with us
in two weeks time he'll be back up
putting up some great content so make
sure you stick around for that very
quickly guys Blizzard have released some
of the photos of the tr13 some of the
ones we're still missing a death knight
in the priests for example as you can
see I put a cup up in here now I think
on a Everidge that they've stuffed up
all of the helmets in pure blizzards
though and a lot of the AMA sets have
been repeated much like the Paladin is
pretty much like t4 but we've got
feathers in aero helmet and feathers a
little thing the palatal one should be
looks more like a druid one so I don't
know it looked good back when was t4 for
me so I don't know let me know how you
feel about the news hits coming out
Hannah I'm not a big fan the shower one
looks all right for those of you who
listen to eminem do you think that the
go
shoulders have any reference to throw be
in the greatest of all time I don't know
let me know how you feel also Blizzard
have released and I would probably just
leave a link to somewhere probably
mmo-champion with all of the tea sets
that I come out because it would take
too long for me to list them out there's
some good ones are some bad ones in
there so we'll see how it all works out
but it should be fun regardless also I
don't know if you've seen but there have
been some celestial mounts that have
been leaked on a couple of different
places now I've got a feeling that these
ones could be trollin if they remind me
so much of I don't know if you guys
remember a couple of years ago back in
the eastern plaguelands there were some
some towers that once you captured all
of them if you enter the west one you
could get a free flight back on said
celestial mount back the light oak
chapel so now I think this would be cool
to him will mount in the game especially
because these ones look a little bit
different they don't look like the paid
one from a year ago but I don't know let
me know how youthful down below whether
you think this people be trollin or they
this is going to be actually released
into the game well let me know how you
feel the PTR now I've got a feeling that
be about 10 days two weeks and it will
be up and running so I would stress to
you PV ears to get your guild involved
to get on the PTR and get some practice
attempts into killing all the new stuff
so when it comes time on your life
server that you've already got a little
bit of experience on there if not get
your officers and raid leaders to get
inside inside there and do it and get
some experience because that's really
going to come into play so it sounds
like it's going to be a whole lot of
phone I heard from somewhere that you
know one of the one of the phrases
you'll be on parachutes shooting down on
definitely trying to get his armor off
was flying down and
be an entire fight all by itself so
that'll be kind of fun I definitely
looking forward to that to see how we go
so anyway keep an eye out on that
together to the top guys it's still
going strong 50 is trying to leave this
as well as a theme now remember to send
your emails in the address down below
and remember try and format it really
nice now remember together to the top
isn't about some for some it's about
getting good quality stuff noticed so
everybody that's saying suddenly I said
we're back together to the top rubbish
it's it's all about the good quality
people getting getting promoted and
stuff like that so just keep an eye out
for that and yet so good luck with your
submissions I have to see it on the
channel very soon I'd like to thank
everybody for the screenshots this week
I've had a really positive response this
week and it was fantastic now I would
urge you guys to keep sending in your
screenshots or even like you new guy
send in some some screenshots possibly
even a video response it for like I
might better put up a video up there as
well so remember to send your
screenshots through sila TV at gmail com
and good luck with that so I would just
like to leave you guys with some
comments that I found funny from last
week's video that made me laugh guys and
as always stay beautiful